Add info about dev-dependency of composer/composer to plugin article (#9335)
composer/composer: doc/articles/plugins.md

   multiple plugins, this can be array of class names.
3. You must require the special package called `composer-plugin-api`
   to define which Plugin API versions your plugin is compatible with.
   Requiring this package doesn't actually include any extra dependencies,
   it only specifies which version of the plugin API to use.

> **Note:** When developing a plugin, although not required, it's useful to add

> > a dev-dependency to `composer/composer` to have IDE auto completion on Composer classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> a require-dev dependency to `composer/composer` to have IDE auto completion on Composer classes.
```

The required version of the `composer-plugin-api` follows the same [rules][7]
as a normal package's.

The current Composer plugin API version is 1.1.0.

An example of a valid plugin `composer.json` file (with the autoloading

> part omitted and an optional dev-dependency of `composer/composer` for IDE auto completion):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
part omitted and an optional require-dev dependency on `composer/composer` for IDE auto completion):
```

    "require": {
        "composer-plugin-api": "^1.1"
    },
    "require-dev": {

>         "composer/composer": "^2.0"

Reviewer 2: this example actually creates unresolvable deps, by requiring the plugin API at 1.1.x and composer 2

Reviewer: @stof want to send a PR to fix that? XD

Reviewer 2: Done in #9349
